# eee3096s_prac_6_b
Instructions This project is only for CS student.  (Although anyone is welcome to do it, but only CS student will get marks for it which will be used in calculating the final mark for the course). This project is worth 2 credits and can be done as a pair of CS students.  Lecture P6 from slide 15-18 explains the requirements for this project.   You are welcome to reuse code from previous pracs and it can all be done in Python if you prefer.  At a minimum your project needs to detect the speed of a wave, how long between the light being cut off by a hand passing between the light sensor and the light source to when the light comes back when the shadow from the hand moves away from the sensor, and send this somehow to a 'server' which could be done simply by calling Linux command (e.g. sftp scpy) - this last bit essentially providing some IoT operation.   The system needs to provide:  Waving information to be sent to a central server (which can be implemented as a simple Python / Java or C socket program or Linux commands called from the RPi) There needs to be configuration settings that can be similarly be sent via the socket connection to the device to e.g. turn it on/off and change the sensitivity. This could just be done via ssh or scp to write the configuration settings to a file on the RPi. You could just display the wave speed to the console on the PC. No fancy GUI is needed for this project, any HCI can be done via the console (if you want to be fancy you are welcome to develop a GUI that e.g. runs on the PC and communicates via sockets with the RPi).
